kubectl cli/pod.md, before:

# Kubectl POD cli examples #

```bash
# Simple run a pod
kubectl run nginx-pod --image=nginx

# Run a pod with a label
kubectl run messaging --image=redis:alpine -l tier-msg

# To run pod and see logs in stdout (actually creates a deployment?)
docker run kodekloud/event-simulator

# To run pod in background, and not see the logs (actually creates a deployment?)
docker run -d kodecloud/event-simulator

# Create a pod
kubectl run --generator=run-pod/v1 nginx --image=nginx

# Generate POD Manifest YAML file (-o yaml). Don't create it(--dry-run)
kubectl run --generator=run-pod/v1 nginx --image=nginx --dry-run -o yaml

# Run a basic pod and pass in a command
kubectl run --restart=Never --image=busybox static-busybox --dry-run -o yaml --command -- sleep 1000 > /etc/kubernetes/manifests/static-busybox.yaml

# Create pod in manifests folder
kubectl run --restart=Never --image=busybox static-busybox --dry-run -o yaml --command -- sleep 1000 > /etc/kubernetes/manifests/static-busybox.yaml

# Execute command within a pod and write output locally
kubectl exec -it dns-lookup nslookup nginx-resolver-service > /root/CKA/nginx.svc

# Run pod, execute command, remove pod
kubectl run dns-lookup --image=busybox:1.28 --rm -it -- nslookup nginx-resolver-service > /root/nginx.svc
kubectl run dns-lookup --image=busybox:1.28 --rm -it -- nslookup 10-32-0-5.default.pod > /root/nginx.pod

# Run pod and expose pod without creating a service
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx --restart=Never --port=80

# Run pod and expose pod with creating a service
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx --restart=Never --port=80 --expose

# debugging pod to run a command and then terminate
kubectl run temp-busybox --image=busybox --command --restart=Never --rm -it -- wget http://10.0.0.8/
```

Commit message:

Added new example for executing a shell on a pod

kubectl cli/pod.md, after:

# Kubectl POD cli examples #

```bash
# Simple run a pod
kubectl run nginx-pod --image=nginx

# Run a pod with a label
kubectl run messaging --image=redis:alpine -l tier-msg

# To run pod and see logs in stdout (actually creates a deployment?)
docker run kodekloud/event-simulator

# To run pod in background, and not see the logs (actually creates a deployment?)
docker run -d kodecloud/event-simulator

# Create a pod
kubectl run --generator=run-pod/v1 nginx --image=nginx

# Generate POD Manifest YAML file (-o yaml). Don't create it(--dry-run)
kubectl run --generator=run-pod/v1 nginx --image=nginx --dry-run -o yaml

# Run a basic pod and pass in a command
kubectl run --restart=Never --image=busybox static-busybox --dry-run -o yaml --command -- sleep 1000 > /etc/kubernetes/manifests/static-busybox.yaml

# Create pod in manifests folder
kubectl run --restart=Never --image=busybox static-busybox --dry-run -o yaml --command -- sleep 1000 > /etc/kubernetes/manifests/static-busybox.yaml

# Execute command within a pod and write output locally
kubectl exec -it dns-lookup nslookup nginx-resolver-service > /root/CKA/nginx.svc

# Run pod, execute command, remove pod
kubectl run dns-lookup --image=busybox:1.28 --rm -it -- nslookup nginx-resolver-service > /root/nginx.svc
kubectl run dns-lookup --image=busybox:1.28 --rm -it -- nslookup 10-32-0-5.default.pod > /root/nginx.pod

# Run pod and expose pod without creating a service
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx --restart=Never --port=80

# Run pod and expose pod with creating a service
kubectl run nginx --image=nginx --restart=Never --port=80 --expose

# debugging pod to run a command and then terminate
kubectl run temp-busybox --image=busybox --command --restart=Never --rm -it -- wget http://10.0.0.8/

# Execute a shell on a pod
kubectl exec nginx -it -- sh
```
